so there's this movie called Peter
Rabbit based off those delightful kids
books that you probably read growing up
but you probably have heard that this
rabbit has found himself in a little bit
of trouble because he decided to make
fun of food allergies and let me tell
you people have decided to boycott this
movie which ironically has brought it to
people's attention like myself who would
have skipped the movie but I went to go
see it and let me tell you this thing's
a junior price just for how savage it is
let me explain
so you start off this movie by getting
drunk if you're like babysitting kids or
something and they want to watch a movie
pop this bad boy in pour yourself a
mimosa and have a great time because you
see the thing is you follow a family of
rabbits whose parents got killed by this
guy named McGregor so they obviously
hate sam neill over here and they try to
wreck his guarding consistently you got
a neighbor over here played by Rose
burns who I guess works for Peter
something because she's so Pro animals
she's always claiming that it's their
world they were here first so they can
do whatever they want even though like
Rose they implant his garden so no
they're not allowed to do that
I'll talk about that in the animal
kingdom don't animal shove each other
out anyways anyways Peters such a
scumbag he gets the old man to chase him
until he gets a heart attack and then he
throws a party for his death it's a
literal Animal House fiesta going on in
this house where Peter I'm not even
kidding you
it's puff puff passing carrots his
sister's pulling a little woozy very
jumping off of balconies in order to
break her ribs and there's even this
flamboyant pig that's like a hovel way
from throwing a pride parade all of that
gets cut off when general Hux McGregor's
nephew comes in to sell the place and he
hates these animals way more than his
uncle ever did the movie then turns into
like this East LA riot war where the
rabbits are fighting this guy and they
even realized at a certain point that
hey the best way to take him down is
with blackberries since he's allergic to
them now listen this is where the scene
comes in in the movie where I know a lot
of people are complaining about it but
they haven't seen the movie if you know
me like I don't even fall on the Sun
cent if 'ti skill in any way shape or
form but boy do I get why people are
trying to boycott this thing see they
legit try to murder this dude before he
can use his ab bhi pan to save himself
they straight up facial this man with
the thing that they know will kiss him
but here's the thing Peter Rabbit is a
straight-up troll he literally breaks
the fourth wall when they figure out
that he has this allergy and like Peter
makes fun of other people who you know
we all know fake allergies in order to
get attention but then still says that
he feels for those who really do suffer
from allergies just not Hux but then he
does this thing where he looks at the
camera winks and says that i hope we
don't receive any letters he done played
us Peter Rabbit ain't just messing up
this dude's garden in the movie Peter
Rabbit baited people to talk about this
movie by including this scene that he
knew would trigger people so the movie
would get more attention and people like
myself would go out on Valentine's Day
to watch it Peter you savage there's a
bunch of other jacked-up stuff that
happens in the movie like you know they
they try to Green Mile this dude with
the electrical fence that he himself
sets up they bully this pig for his
outfit and they just bash him
consistently there's even this joke with
a rooster where they kind of explained
why roosters are always so excited to
cockadoodledoo in the morning because
they didn't think the Sun would come out
and that leads to a joke about how since
they didn't think there would be another
day this roosters just smashing every
night and that leads to him having a
dozen kids who he just doesn't know how
to take care of what I cut to the final
scene where Peter Rabbit makes amends
with Huck's so he can get together with
Rose Byrne they Beetlejuice away in
torment the other family that wants to
move in but it's okay right now and
while Peter Rabbit confesses to all of
his shenanigans so they can be forgiven
clearly the the real world didn't care
because you know we think our kids are
stupid enough to follow one thing in the
movie but let's just ignore the lessons
the movie taught us as well no wonder
Bugs Bunny isn't around in 2018 thank
you guys for checking out this video
it's so funny to see that this movie was
made this family film supposedly was
made by the dude who made easy a and
friends with benefits I loved how savage
this movie was I I ain't expected to be
that good because I was judging it by
the trailer and clearly whoever made the
trailer didn't know what they were doing
but so Sony's apologizing for absolutely
no reason they knew exactly what they
wanted again you know what they got me
to go see this movie so I'm curious to
know your thoughts on this any other
movies that you want me to cover and
breakdown and remember to comment like
and subscribe and I'll send you your own
pack of
free blackberries